---
title: Cognitive Services Speech SDK のサード パーティに関する通知
titleSuffix: Microsoft Cognitive Services
description: サード パーティ ツールに関する情報
services: cognitive-services
author: wolfma61
manager: onano
ms.service: cognitive-services
ms.component: speech-service
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 05/01/2018
ms.author: wolfma
ms.openlocfilehash: ab5309e43239132e69a3800e33fc88dcaf18bd74
ms.sourcegitcommit: 95d9a6acf29405a533db943b1688612980374272
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: ja-JP
ms.lasthandoff: 06/23/2018
ms.locfileid: "35376477"
---
# <a name="third-party-software-notices-and-information"></a>サードパーティ製ソフトウェアに関する通知および情報

Do Not Translate or Localize

このプロジェクトは、以下に示すプロジェクトが提供している素材 (以下、"サード パーティ IP") を組み込むか、これに基づいて開発されています。 以下に示した著作権表示およびライセンスは、Microsoft がサード パーティ IP を受領するにあたって適用されているものです。 当該ライセンスおよび著作権表示は、情報提供のみを目的として掲載しています。 Microsoft は、Microsoft 製品のライセンス条項に基づき、お客様に対してサード パーティ IP の使用を許諾します (ただし、そのような行為が許容されている場合に限ります)。 本契約で明示的に付与されていない権利はいずれも、黙示、禁反言その他いかなる原因により発生したかを問わず、Microsoft が留保します。

**a.Parson - C で記述された軽量 JSON ライブラリ**

Cognitive Services Client Speech SDK では、https://github.com/kgabis/parson から入手できる Parson を使用しています。 これは、[MIT License (MIT)](https://github.com/kgabis/parson#license) に基づき使用が許諾されています。

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

**b. azure-c-shared-utility - Azure C SDKs common code**

Cognitive Services Client Speech SDK では、https://github.com/Azure/azure-c-shared-utility から入手できる Azure C SDKs common code を使用しています。 これは、[MIT License (MIT)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-c-shared-utility/blob/master/LICENSE) に基づき使用が許諾されています。

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

**c.Catch2**

Cognitive Services Client Speech SDK では、https://github.com/catchorg/Catch2 から入手できる "Catch2- A modern, C++-native, header-only, test framework for unit-tests, TDD and BDD - using C++11, C++14, C++17 and later" を使用しています。 これは、[Boost Software License 1.0]https://github.com/catchorg/Catch2/blob/master/LICENSE.txt): に基づき使用が許諾されています。

    Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the following:

    The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by a source language processor.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

**d. curl**

Cognitive Services Client Speech SDK では、"curl - A command line tool and library for transferring data with URL syntax, supporting HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, FTPS, GOPHER, TFTP, SCP, SFTP, SMB, TELNET, DICT, LDAP, LDAPS, FILE, IMAP, SMTP, POP3, RTSP and RTMP libcurl offers a myriad of powerful features" を使用しています。これは、https://github.com/curl/curl から入手できます。 これは、次の[ライセンス](https://github.com/curl/curl/blob/master/COPYING) に基づき使用が許諾されています。

    COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE

    Copyright (c) 1996 - 2018, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, and many contributors, see the THANKS file.

    All rights reserved.

    Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

    Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.

**e. OpenSSL**

Cognitive Services Client Speech SDK では、https://github.com/openssl/openssl から入手できる "OpenSSL - TLS/SSL and crypto library" を使用しています。 これは、次の[ライセンス](https://github.com/openssl/openssl/blob/master/LICENSE) に基づき使用が許諾されています。

    The OpenSSL toolkit stays under a double license, i.e. both the conditions of
    the OpenSSL License and the original SSLeay license apply to the toolkit.
    See below for the actual license texts.

    OpenSSL License
    
    /* ====================================================================
    * Copyright (c) 1998-2018 The OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.
    *
    * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
    * are met:
    *
    * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
    *
    * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
    *    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
    *    distribution.
    *
    * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
    *    software must display the following acknowledgment:
    *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
    *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"
    *
    * 4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to
    *    endorse or promote products derived from this software without
    *    prior written permission. For written permission, please contact
    *    openssl-core@openssl.org.
    *
    * 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL"
    *    nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written
    *    permission of the OpenSSL Project.
    *
    * 6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
    *    acknowledgment:
    *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
    *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"
    *
    * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY
    * EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
    * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
    * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR
    * ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
    * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
    * NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
    * LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
    * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
    * STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
    * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
    * OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
    * ====================================================================
    *
    * This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
    * (eay@cryptsoft.com).  This product includes software written by Tim
    * Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
    *
    */

    Original SSLeay License


    /* Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)
    * All rights reserved.
    *
    * This package is an SSL implementation written
    * by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).
    * The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.
    * 
    * This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as
    * the following conditions are aheared to.  The following conditions
    * apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA,
    * lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code.  The SSL documentation
    * included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms
    * except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
    * 
    * Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in
    * the code are not to be removed.
    * If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution
    * as the author of the parts of the library used.
    * This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or
    * in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.
    * 
    * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
    * are met:
    * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright
    *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
    *    must display the following acknowledgement:
    *    "This product includes cryptographic software written by
    *     Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)"
    *    The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library
    *    being used are not cryptographic related :-).
    * 4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from 
    *    the apps directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement:
    *    "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"
    * 
    * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND
    * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
    * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
    * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
    * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
    * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
    * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
    * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
    * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
    * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
    * SUCH DAMAGE.
    * 
    * The licence and distribution terms for any publically available version or
    * derivative of this code cannot be changed.  i.e. this code cannot simply be
    * copied and put under another distribution licence
    * [including the GNU Public Licence.]
    */

**f. JSON**

Cognitive Services Client Speech SDK では、https://github.com/nlohmann/json から入手できる "JSON - JSON for Modern C++" を使用しています。 これは、[MIT License](https://github.com/nlohmann/json/blob/develop/LICENSE.MIT) に基づき使用が許諾されています。

    MIT License

    Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Niels Lohmann

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

**g. range-v3**

    Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

    Copyright Eric Niebler 2013-2014

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by this license (the ""Software"") to use, reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the following:

    The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by a source language processor.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ""AS IS"", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE."

**h.IETF RFC 7049 によるサンプル コード**

    Copyright (c) 2013 IETF Trust and the persons identified as authors of the code. All rights reserved.

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    Neither the name of Internet Society, IETF or IETF Trust, nor the names of specific contributors, may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS “AS IS” AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE."
